{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red118\green118\blue118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instagram is a simple way to capture and share the world\'92s moments. Follow your friends and family to see what they\'92re up to, and discover accounts from all over the world that are sharing things you love. Join the community of over 400 million people and express yourself by sharing photos and videos from your day\'96\'96whether it\'92s your morning routine or the trip of a lifetime.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Use Instagram to: \
\'95 Edit and share photos with filters and creative tools to change brightness, contrast and saturation, as well as shadows, highlights, perspective and more.\
\'95 Make your videos look cinematic with filters, custom-built stabilization and tools to combine multiple clips into one video. \
\'95 Discover photos and videos you might like and follow new accounts in the Explore tab.\
\'95 Send private messages, photos, videos and posts from your feed directly to friends with Instagram Direct.\
\'95 Instantly share photos and videos on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and other social networks.\
\'95 Use Handoff to switch between your Apple Watch and your iPhone.\cf2 \
\
VolunTree is the simplest way to record your Volunteer and Service hours. Follow your friends and fellow club members to see where they are Volunteering to expand your horizons. Join this paperless service community that not only notes your hours, but also encourages you to help your community more. \
\
Use VolunTree for:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Hour tracking: VolunTree boasts the simplest way to manage and track your volunteer/service hours. Hour logs are now a thing of the past!\
{\listtext	\'95	}Manage your clubs: Create and manage your clubs and organizations, right from the VolunTree app.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Expand: Learn new places to Volunteer by seeing your friends recent volunteering endeavors on your home feed.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Communicate: Communicate through all the members of your club from within the app.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Paperless Transaction: Since all the hours are transferred electronically, there is no need to have pesky paper hour tracking. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Simplicity: With a modern intuitive design, VolunTree makes community service a seamless and easy process. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}