{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 VolunTree is the simplest way to record your Volunteer and Service hours. Follow your friends and fellow club members to see where they are Volunteering to expand your horizons. Join this paperless service community that not only notes your hours, but also encourages you to help your community more. \
\
Use VolunTree for:\
	\'95	Hour tracking: VolunTree boasts the simplest way to manage and track your volunteer/service hours. Hour logs are now a thing of the past!\
	\'95	Manage your clubs: Create and manage your clubs and organizations, right from the VolunTree app.\
	\'95	Expand: Learn new places to Volunteer by seeing your friends recent volunteering endeavors on your home feed.\
	\'95	Communicate: Communicate through all the members of your club from within the app.\
	\'95	Paperless Transaction: Since all the hours are transferred electronically, there is no need to have pesky paper hour tracking. \
	\'95	Simplicity: With a modern intuitive design, VolunTree makes community service a seamless and easy process.\
\
voluntree, brax, nukala, prad, volunteering, tracker, volunteer hours tracker, track your hours\
\
\
There are over 4000 colleges in America, and over 20 million rising freshman. Most of these incoming freshman almost all have one thing in common, and that is community service. The problem is all these students record their hours in their own diverse ways. Thats like a store dealing with 5000 different methods of currency - the store being a givn college. My answer to this is my app which records all of these students hours in a legitimate and uniform way. It also implements a social twist all packed in a intuitive design. }